doc: Release notes for NCS 1.3.1 (#2897)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/release-notes-1.3.1.rst

.. _ncs_release_notes_131:

|NCS| v1.3.1 Release Notes
##########################

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices (which are pre-production) and Thread, Zigbee, and Bluetooth Mesh protocols are supported for development in v1.3.1 for prototyping and evaluation.
Support for production and deployment in end products is coming soon.

Highlights
**********

* LwM2M carrier library v0.9.1 is certified with AT&T.

> * Bluetooth LE stack (consisting of nRF Bluetooth LE Controller and Zephyr Host) is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.2 qualified.

Reviewer: According to the link provided by @joerchan in https://projecttools.nordicsemi.no/confluence/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=78820825&focusedCommentId=78824266#comment-78824266

The Zephyr host is 5.1 qualified, and SoftDevice controller is 5.2 qualified.

Reviewer 2: That is correct.

> * Bluetooth LE stack (consisting of nRF Bluetooth LE Controller and Zephyr Host) is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.2 qualified.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Bluetooth Host is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1 qualified.
* Bluetooth LE controller (nRF Bluetooth LE Controller) is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.2 qualified.
```

Reviewer 3: Would that make it clearer @joerchan ?
```suggestion
* Bluetooth Host is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1 qualified.
* nRF Bluetooth LE Controller (in sdk-nrfxlib) is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.2 qualified.
```
With your suggestion, I would be confused if the Zephyr Controller is qualified or not.

Reviewer 2: @ru-fu That is a good point. Let's go with yours.

Author: Added this change.

.. _ncs_release_notes_131:

|NCS| v1.3.1 Release Notes
##########################

|NCS| delivers reference software and supporting libraries for developing low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor products.
It includes the MCUboot and the Zephyr RTOS open source projects, which are continuously integrated and re-distributed with the SDK.

The |NCS| is where you begin building low-power wireless applications with Nordic Semiconductor nRF52, nRF53, and nRF91 Series devices.
nRF53 Series devices (which are pre-production) and Thread, Zigbee, and Bluetooth Mesh protocols are supported for development in v1.3.1 for prototyping and evaluation.
Support for production and deployment in end products is coming soon.

Highlights
**********

* LwM2M carrier library v0.9.1 is certified with AT&T.
* Bluetooth Host is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.1 qualified.

> * nRF Bluetooth LE Controller (in sdk-nrfxlib) is now Bluetooth Core Specification v5.2 qualified.

Reviewer 4: It is now renamed as softdevice_controller, should not this stated in highlights @jdstapes / @bjorn-tore-taraldsen

Reviewer 3: It has been renamed on master, but it's still nRF Bluetooth LE Controller on the v1.3 branch.

Reviewer 4: OK
